README.md, before:

# JEE Document Similarity Application
###### *Dillon Ward - G00326756 - Advanced Object Oriented Software Development*
---

## Introduction
The following repository contains a JEE Document Similarity Application for a fourth-year undergraduate project for the module Advanced Object Oriented Software Development. The module is taught to undergraduate students at GMIT in the Department of Computer Science and Applied Physics. The lecturer is John Healy.

## Overview
The purpose of this project is to create a JEE Java Web Application that will store uploaded documents into a database and compare the similarity of the documents against each other. The main focus of the project is to demonstrate an understanding of the principles of object-oriented design by using abstraction, composition, inheritance and polymorphism throughout the application.
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DillonWard/JEE-Document-Similarity-Application/master/Data/overview.png "Logo Title Text 1")

## Architecture
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DillonWard/JEE-Document-Similarity-Application/master/Data/UML.png "Logo Title Text 1")

Commit message:

project running fine in browser

README.md, after:

# JEE Document Similarity Application
###### *Dillon Ward - G00326756 - Advanced Object Oriented Software Development*
---

## Introduction
The following repository contains a JEE Document Similarity Application for a fourth-year undergraduate project for the module Advanced Object Oriented Software Development. The module is taught to undergraduate students at GMIT in the Department of Computer Science and Applied Physics. The lecturer is John Healy.

## Overview
The purpose of this project is to create a JEE Java Web Application that will store uploaded documents into a database and compare the similarity of the documents against each other. The main focus of the project is to demonstrate an understanding of the principles of object-oriented design by using abstraction, composition, inheritance and polymorphism throughout the application.
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DillonWard/JEE-Document-Similarity-Application/master/Data/overview.png "Logo Title Text 1")

## Cloning this Repository
To clone this repository and run the solutions, do the following:
```
In the command line change to a directory:
cd <directory>

Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/DillonWard/JEE-Document-Similarity-Application.git

Change directory into the cloned folder:
cd <folder name>

Unpack the .war file:
cd <C:\Tomcat\webapps>
copy and paste the 'JEE-Document-Similarity.war' file into the 'webapps' folder

Start Tomcat:
cd into the <C:\Tomcat\bin> directory and run 'startup'

The webapp should be running at 'localhost:8080/JEE-Document-Similarity/'
```


## Architecture
![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DillonWard/JEE-Document-Similarity-Application/master/Data/UML.png "Logo Title Text 1")
